This document contains things we would like to add to the original game
(i.e. addenda) and things we would like to fix in the original game
(i.e. corrigenda). There is not guarantee that these items will be
implemented though.
All items are in random order. We may assign them a priority in the
future.

ADDENDA

Achievements
It would be nice to add more items to the achievements menu after a game
has ended. For example, it the military tab you can see which player has
the largest army, but it does not tell the amount of army units.
A kill ratio, e.g. ratio = killed_units / lots_units, would be nice.

Network auto save/restore
It is very important to be able to save and restore a multiplayer
session. See also the corrigendum in Network.

Midi support
Music support when running the original game in wine is very difficult
to setup to make it sound the same even when using something like
timidity++ and a native windows XP soundfont. This is really hard to
implement but really nice to have.

More shortcuts
Some buildings cannot be selected since no shortcut is mapped to them.

Auto-resign CPU if no population and not enough resources nor win 
conditions (ruins/wonder etc.)
Pretty self-explanatory.

Add removed data resource set items
Some buildings were removed from the final beta version before release.
We can add an option to enable/disable them. For example, the trade
workshop and a mercenary (same graphics as cataphract).

Debug console
Obviously for debugging purposes, more control, easier navigating etc.

Scenario triggers
The genie game engine in AoE II has triggers which make it a lot easier
to create complex scenario's.

Session replay
Record game like in AoE II.

CORRIGENDA

Increase unit selection limit
Current unit selection limit is not sufficient.

Population overflow trick
You can overflow your maximum population by queuing multiple units in
multiple buildings since the engine only checks whether the pop cap has
been exceeded before trying to build one. We think this should be an
extra option which you can enable/disable since some users would still
like to be able to use this.

Show population limit by default
Pretty self-explanatory.

Improve volume control
Audio sound effects or music is either off or very loud. It should be
pretty simple to be able to regulate this properly.

Projectile session restore bug
If a session is saved while projectiles are in the air, since (I think)
patch 1.c it crashes the game when restoring a session. This is of
course unacceptable.

Improve non-A.I. siege units auto-aim
Siege units can be really difficult to use effectively. It is tedious
that the CPU has no problem aiming near-perfect at your units.

Build queuing
You can queue only one unit type at a time in a building. It would be
nice to be able to queue different types of units.

Network
Multiplayer games are disrupted easily by desynchronisation errors. This
is very frustrating since the game does not support saving and restoring
multiplayer sessions.
